[RLlib] Bandit documentation enhancements. (#22427)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-algorithms.rst

   :end-before: __sphinx_doc_end__

.. _bandits:

Contextual Bandits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Multi-armed bandit (MAB) problem provides a simplified RL setting that

> involves learning to act under one situation only, i.e. the observation/state is fixed.

Reviewer: from this paper (http://rob.schapire.net/papers/www10.pdf) MAB is a special case of contextual bandit where the context (user) and the arms are both fixed.
maybe we can say "i.e., the context and arms are both fixed."

Author: Perfect, thanks for the hint and the review @gjoliver ! Will add this before merging.

> involves learning to act under one situation only, i.e. the observation/state is fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
involves learning to act under one situation only, i.e. the context (observation/state) and arms (actions/items-to-select) are both fixed.
```
